Pr public repo (#6058)
harness/developer-hub: docs/infra-as-code-management/workspaces/pr-automation.md

   ![Resources](./static/trigger.png)

   You will see the plan as a comment in the PR

   ![Resources](./static/pr-comment.png)

:::info

> As a security measurement, comments will not be populated if the repository is public. To override it, add an Environment Variable `HARNESS_PASSWORD_API` with the value set as the token/secret to the git repository 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a security measure, comments will not be populated if the repository is public. To override it, add the Environment Variable `HARNESS_PASSWORD_API`  with the git repository token/secret set as the value.
```
